---
uid: 
remarks: *content
---
## Remarks  
 This is an optional OData $select expression string             (see the OData specification).             If you provide a SelectClause, then **only** the properties listed in that clause are populated; other properties             have their default values (typically null).  For example, if you perform a [Microsoft.Azure.Batch](assetId:///N:Microsoft.Azure.Batch?qualifyHint=False&autoUpgrade=True) operation with a SelectClause of `id,displayName`, then each [CloudPool](assetId:///T:Microsoft.Azure.Batch.CloudPool?qualifyHint=False&autoUpgrade=True) will have its             [Id](assetId:///P:Microsoft.Azure.Batch.CloudPool.Id?qualifyHint=False&autoUpgrade=True) and [DisplayName](assetId:///P:Microsoft.Azure.Batch.CloudPool.DisplayName?qualifyHint=False&autoUpgrade=True) properties             populated, but other properties such as [State](assetId:///P:Microsoft.Azure.Batch.CloudPool.State?qualifyHint=False&autoUpgrade=True) will not be retrieved and therefore             will have their default values (typically null).  
  
 If, when an entity was retrieved (via a List, Get or Refresh), you specifed a SelectClause which did not include             the property or properties that uniquely identify the object             (usually the Id property, but for [Certificate](assetId:///T:Microsoft.Azure.Batch.Certificate?qualifyHint=False&autoUpgrade=True) the Thumbprint and ThumbprintAlgorithm properties,             then any methods that access the Batch service to retrieve data or perform operations will fail.             This includes most methods on the object, including [Refresh](assetId:///M:Microsoft.Azure.Batch.IRefreshable.Refresh(Microsoft.Azure.Batch.DetailLevel,System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable{Microsoft.Azure.Batch.BatchClientBehavior})?qualifyHint=False&autoUpgrade=True) and [RefreshAsync](assetId:///M:Microsoft.Azure.Batch.IRefreshable.RefreshAsync(Microsoft.Azure.Batch.DetailLevel,System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable{Microsoft.Azure.Batch.BatchClientBehavior},System.Threading.CancellationToken)?qualifyHint=False&autoUpgrade=True).             You can still access properties (though only properties included in the SelectClause will be populated).  
  
 Selections must be specified using REST API attribute names, not .NET property names.  
  
 The default is no select expression, which means all properties are returned.