---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.OwnerAccountName
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.RequestMD5
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.ServerMD5
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.OperationType
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.ClientRequestId
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.RequestHeaderSize
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.RequestContentLength
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.ReferrerHeader
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.RequestPacketSize
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.RequestVersionHeader
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.ServiceType
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.LastModifiedTime
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.RequestStartTime
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.RequestUrl
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.RequestStatus
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.ResponseHeaderSize
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.ServerLatency
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.AuthenticationType
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.ConditionsUsed
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.RequesterAccountName
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.ResponsePacketSize
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.RequestedObjectKey
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.HttpStatusCode
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.OperationCount
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.EndToEndLatency
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.ETagIdentifier
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.VersionNumber
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.UserAgentHeader
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.RequesterIPAddress
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---

---
uid: Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.Analytics.LogRecord.RequestIdHeader
ms.author: "tamram"
manager: "timlt"
---
